Updated common IE pipeline infer-request section (#10844)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/integrate_with_your_application.md

### Step 3. Create an Inference Request

> `ov::InferRequest` class provides methods for model inference in the OpenVINO™ Runtime. Create an infer request using the following code (see [InferRequest detailed documentation](./ov_infer_request.md) for more details):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ov::InferRequest` class provides methods for model inference in OpenVINO™ Runtime. Create an infer request using the following code (see [InferRequest detailed documentation](./ov_infer_request.md) for more details):
```

### Step 5. Start Inference

> OpenVINO™ Runtime supports inference in asynchronous or synchronous mode. Async API usage can improve overall frame-rate of the application, because rather than wait for inference to complete, the app can continue doing things on the host, while the accelerator is busy. You can use `ov::InferRequest::start_async` to start model inference in the asynchronous mode and call `ov::InferRequest::wait` to wait for the inference results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ Runtime supports inference in either synchronous or asynchronous mode. Using the Async API can improve application's overall frame-rate, because rather than wait for inference to complete, the app can keep working on the host, while the accelerator is busy. You can use `ov::InferRequest::start_async` to start model inference in the asynchronous mode and call `ov::InferRequest::wait` to wait for the inference results:
```
